the historic city of Durham probably
conjures up images of the Cathedral
Castle University but too many people
living there the ice rink despite its
ramshackle appearance is the focal point
it was set up 50 years ago by the then
mayor of Durham
John Smith when his ice factory went
into decline with the advent of the
refrigerator and as Tom Smith remembers
his grandfather who was nicknamed icy
wasn't afraid to take on board a bit of
dead wood after the war finished it was
obviously quite a lot of timber that
have been on standby to making coffins
just in case of any major disaster you
know bombs hit the major areas
so obviously the joiners Undertaker's
that had such a surplus wanted to get
shot of it also my grandfather bought it
and tended it in the Seton in the rink
did the fans know this I think some of
them do in fact if the team's having a
bad night you you say you know why don't
you bury yourself in this rotten but no
bearing Durham this year under player
coach Paul Smith another member of the
dynasty the site has gone from strength
to strength
you don't have a big football team likes
of Newcastle assembling and people have
chained to the washer at the same as the
other team expecting to be obtained that
their football oops I think I thought
you had a little bit for everybody
whether it be the granny the mother of
the father of a child you know it's got
the razzmatazz got the shore this side
of it it's not the rough stuff of people
want to come along and say that and it's
got a lot of girls and a lot of
technical skills and I think it's got an
attraction throw you know for everybody
it might only be classed as a minority
sport in Britain so why the people of
Durham so passionate about their ice
hockey it's exciting it gets the
adrenaline gone and if you have father
at work you can come and let everything
go just let it all out mainly because
we're gonna bring the whole family in
never any problems plenty of excitement
it's like football used to be about 20
years ago ice hockey prides itself on
being a family sport but recent scenes
of violence on the ice would have done
nothing to promote that image Darren's
playoff match at Solihull two weeks ago
had to be abandoned with a minute to go
after a huge brawl broke out and both
teams were severely penalized as the
result of the brawl Solihull had two
players banned one until the end of the
year while the wasps were without two
key players for the rest of their
playoff games but despite that they
qualified for Wembley the highlight of
the season darns Canadian import Mike
Blaisdell has played with the elite in
North America in the NHL but even he's
fired up for the big occasion we've been
gearing all year for
and show it they did in their final
playoff game against the Barons winning
by 20 goals to 6 and installing
themselves as firm favorites to win at
Wembley on Sunday